---
post_title: Performance and Tuning
menu_order: 300
---

```yaml
check_time: '<true|false>'
docker_remove_delay: <num>hrs
enable_docker_gc: `<true|false>`
gc_delay: <num>days
log_directory: `<path-to-install-logs>`
process_timeout: <num-seconds>
```


### <a name="check-time"></a>check_time
This parameter specifies whether to check if Network Time Protocol (NTP) is enabled during DC/OS startup. It recommended that NTP is enabled for a production environment.

*  `check_time: 'true'` Check if NTP is enabled during startup. You will receive an error if this is not enabled. This is the default value.
*  `check_time: 'false'` Do not check if NTP is enabled during startup.

### <a name="docker-remove"></a>docker_remove_delay
This parameter specifies the amount of time to wait before removing stale Docker images stored on the agent nodes and the Docker image generated by the installer. It is recommended that you accept the default value 1 hour.

### <a name="enable-docker-gc"></a>enable_docker_gc
This parameter specifies whether to run the [docker-gc](https://github.com/spotify/docker-gc#excluding-images-from-garbage-collection) script, a simple Docker container and image garbage collection script, once every hour to clean up stray Docker containers. You can configure the runtime behavior by using the `/etc/` config. For more information, see the [documentation](https://github.com/spotify/docker-gc#excluding-images-from-garbage-collection)

*  `enable_docker_gc: 'true'` Run the docker-gc scripts once every hour. This is the default value for [cloud](/docs/1.9/installing/cloud/) template installations.
*  `enable_docker_gc: 'false'` Do not run the docker-gc scripts once every hour. This is the default value for [custom](/docs/1.9/installing/custom/) installations.

### <a name="gc-delay"></a>gc_delay
This parameter specifies the maximum amount of time to wait before cleaning up the executor directories. It is recommended that you accept the default value of 2 days.

### <a name="log_directory"></a>log_directory
This parameter specifies the path to the installer host logs from the SSH processes. By default this is set to `/genconf/logs`. In most cases this should not be changed because `/genconf` is local to the container that is running the installer, and is a mounted volume.

### <a name="process_timeout"></a>process_timeout
This parameter specifies the allowable amount of time, in seconds, for an action to begin after the process forks. This parameter is not the complete process time. The default value is 120 seconds.

**Tip:** If have a slower network environment, consider changing to `process_timeout: 600`.